src/project/how-to-contribute.md, before:

# How to contribute

First of all, happy that you are here on this page and thinking about contributing to the project.

**The Vue.js community thanks you.**

## Development

To contribute to the development of the site, you can initially open an issue on Github and report an error or propose a new feature.

If you are willing to develop, there is no mystery, just open a Pull Request following the template.

This website uses [Vuepress](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/), [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), and [Vue composition API](https://composition-api.vuejs.org/). 

::: alert tip
Try to follow the [official style guide for Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/v2/style-guide/) as much as possible.
:::

## Writing

We will love to hear your content idea, so the first step is to open an issue using the specific template.

You can open an issue:

- [New Post/Article](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/new?labels=Post&template=new-post.md&title=Post%2FArticle%3A+%5BYour+title%5D)
- [New Widget (Recipe)](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/new?labels=Recipe,Widget&template=new-widget.md&title=Recipe%28widget%29%3A+%5BYour+title%5D)
- [New Tip (Recipe)](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/new?labels=Recipe,Tip&template=new-tip.md&title=Recipe%28Tip%29%3A+%5BYour+title%5D)

We also have an [issue](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/14) with several content ideas, feel free to add other subjects that you want to see as content on the site.

Our intention is to reward the creator for each content published on the site, we will soon achieve this feat.

## Answering questions

In our [GitHub Problem Tracker](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues), we are open to answering questions from people of all levels of knowledge.

We will be grateful to receive your help by answering questions and also sharing your experience with us.

We are also daily answering questions in the Vue.js community on Discord ([Vue Land](https://discord.gg/vue)), join us.

## Sharing

When you share, you are helping the web community to understand more about accessibility through content.

[Vue a11y](/) focuses specifically on helping the Vue.js community by creating content, plugins, and components that make it easier on a daily basis.

We count on your support and the support of the community to make it reach your friends and other developers.

## Supporting

The project is supported by people who love Vue.js and accessibility, and who know the importance of the web being more inclusive.

Your support is very important so that we can devote more time to creating content, keeping plugins and components up to date, in addition to funding content creators for their time dedicated to creating robust and well-tested posts.

<p>
We have separated some rewards for our Open Collective supporters.
<br>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/vue-a11y/donate" target="_blank" rel="noopener" style="background-color: initial; width: 300px;">
  <img src="https://opencollective.com/vue-a11y/donate/button@2x.png?color=blue" style="box-shadow: none; display: inline;" alt="Donate to our collective (opens in a new tab)" />
</a>
</p>

---

<br>

::: alert Work in progress.  
[Follow the issue on Github](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/15)
:::

Commit message:

Add meta description in pages

src/project/how-to-contribute.md, after:

---
description: Find out how to contribute to Vue Accessibility project
---


# How to contribute

First of all, happy that you are here on this page and thinking about contributing to the project.

**The Vue.js community thanks you.**

## Development

To contribute to the development of the site, you can initially open an issue on Github and report an error or propose a new feature.

If you are willing to develop, there is no mystery, just open a Pull Request following the template.

This website uses [Vuepress](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/), [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), and [Vue composition API](https://composition-api.vuejs.org/). 

::: alert tip
Try to follow the [official style guide for Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/v2/style-guide/) as much as possible.
:::

## Writing

We will love to hear your content idea, so the first step is to open an issue using the specific template.

You can open an issue:

- [New Post/Article](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/new?labels=Post&template=new-post.md&title=Post%2FArticle%3A+%5BYour+title%5D)
- [New Widget (Recipe)](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/new?labels=Recipe,Widget&template=new-widget.md&title=Recipe%28widget%29%3A+%5BYour+title%5D)
- [New Tip (Recipe)](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/new?labels=Recipe,Tip&template=new-tip.md&title=Recipe%28Tip%29%3A+%5BYour+title%5D)

We also have an [issue](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/14) with several content ideas, feel free to add other subjects that you want to see as content on the site.

Our intention is to reward the creator for each content published on the site, we will soon achieve this feat.

## Answering questions

In our [GitHub Problem Tracker](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues), we are open to answering questions from people of all levels of knowledge.

We will be grateful to receive your help by answering questions and also sharing your experience with us.

We are also daily answering questions in the Vue.js community on Discord ([Vue Land](https://discord.gg/vue)), join us.

## Sharing

When you share, you are helping the web community to understand more about accessibility through content.

[Vue a11y](/) focuses specifically on helping the Vue.js community by creating content, plugins, and components that make it easier on a daily basis.

We count on your support and the support of the community to make it reach your friends and other developers.

## Supporting

The project is supported by people who love Vue.js and accessibility, and who know the importance of the web being more inclusive.

Your support is very important so that we can devote more time to creating content, keeping plugins and components up to date, in addition to funding content creators for their time dedicated to creating robust and well-tested posts.

<p>
We have separated some rewards for our Open Collective supporters.
<br>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/vue-a11y/donate" target="_blank" rel="noopener" style="background-color: initial; width: 300px;">
  <img src="https://opencollective.com/vue-a11y/donate/button@2x.png?color=blue" style="box-shadow: none; display: inline;" alt="Donate to our collective (opens in a new tab)" />
</a>
</p>

---

<br>

::: alert Work in progress.  
[Follow the issue on Github](https://github.com/vue-a11y/vue-a11y.com/issues/15)
:::
